Annotation blog (#148)
perses/website: docs/blog/posts/v0.54.0.md

In this example, only the Prometheus plugin will be enabled and all other plugins will be disabled.

> As a consequence of this configuration, every associated panel, variable, and query is also disabled.

Reviewer: this is wrong, it is not every associated panels, it is every panels. The sentence is wrong

This also means that if you add a new plugin in the future, it will be disabled by default, and you will need to
explicitly enable it in the configuration.

## Annotations

Perses now supports annotations, which add information such as events to panels. Panels must support annotations; for
now, only the TimeSeries Chart panel does. In addition, only annotations from Prometheus (using PromQL) are supported.

> Thanks to the Perses plugin architecture, support for annotations can easily be added to any datasource or panel.

Reviewer: annotations can be added to datasource ? 🤔

Author: Annotation need a datasource to fetch data :)

Reviewer: perhaps a deeper explanation will be worth it then (in the blog post I mean)

## Annotations

Perses is now supporting annotations. Annotations are a way to add additional information to panels, such as events. 

> The panel need to support annotations. For now, only the TimeSeries Chart panel support annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The panel needs to support annotations. For now, only the TimeSeries Chart panel supports annotations.
```
